docs: edit "creating a renderer" (#435)
algolia/autocomplete.js: packages/website/docs/creating-a-renderer.md

title: Creating a Renderer
---

Learn how to build an autocomplete UI using React.

> The [`autocomplete-js`](autocomplete-js) package includes everything you need to render a vanilla JavaScript autocomplete experience. If you want to build a custom renderer, say in [React](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html) or another front-end framework, the [`autocomplete-core`](createAutocomplete) package provides all the primitives to build it.

Reviewer: Since the creation of this guide, Autocomplete JS has become framework-agnostic. You can now plug your own framework. The goal of this guide has shifted to building a UI that is different from the provided package (e.g., the new Algolia documentation search).

```suggestion
The [`autocomplete-js`](autocomplete-js) package includes everything you need to render a JavaScript autocomplete experience that you can bind to [your own framework](autocomplete-js#renderer). If you want to build a custom UI that differs from the `autocomplete-js` output (being in [React](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html) or another front-end framework), the [`autocomplete-core`](createAutocomplete) package provides all the primitives to build it.
```

}
```

> The above code demonstrates that you don't need to worry about keyboard events, or tracking which item is highlighted. Autocomplete handles this under the hood with its prop getters.

Reviewer: We've changed this vocabulary to differentiate with the Algolia highlighting.

```suggestion
The above code demonstrates that you don't need to worry about keyboard events, or tracking which item is active. Autocomplete handles this under the hood with its prop getters.
```

}
```

This way, users feel a bit closer to what they're used to on mobile apps.

## Help and discussion

> You now have enough knowledge to build your own experience based on Autocomplete. If you find that some topics weren't covered, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/algolia/autocomplete.js/issues/new).

Reviewer: This conclusion might not be totally aligned with the other guides now?

Author: True. I was thinking we may want to call this out especially in this tutorial. The content of this tutorial leads more easily to feature requests than the other ones, so I'm ok with having a slightly different ending. (This instead of "next steps".) WDYT

Reviewer: Good to me!
